2007-06-06 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Moved the sxs_error_t declaration to the sxs_types.h file from the
sxs_error.h file.

* Added some more doxygen comments to the src/sxs_types.h file to
clarify the available types as well for general completeness.

* Added some doxygen comments to the src/sxs_types.h file to clarify the
available types as well os for completeness.

* Correted the @retval SXS_SUCCESS doxygen documentation lines for a
number of functions that had improper documentation due to copy and
paste errors.

* Modified the Doxyfile to fix the destination location of the
documents. It was originally specified as doc/doxs which was incorrect.
It was corrected to doc/dox.

* Modifide all the files in src/ so that the documentation used the @
preceding keywords rather than a \. I did this for consistancy reasons
and so that it matched the doxygen documentation styles appropriately.

* Modified the scripts/build_sxs_error_files.py to output code with the
proper doxygen documentation style in it.

* Modified the clean_bootstrap.sh file so that it properly removes the
automatically generated src/sxs_config.h and src/sxs_config.h.in files.

* Created the doc/ directory so that there is a location in the project
tree for keeping documentation.

* Created the doc/dox/ directory so that there is a location to have the
doxygen generated documenation placed when doxygen is run from the
trunk.

* Created the Doxyfile in the main trunk so that doxygen can be run from
the trunk and the documentation will be generated and placed into the
doc/dox/ directory.

2007-06-04 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_send_nbytes() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_recv_nbytes() function.

2007-06-03 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Implemented and Documentd the sxs_inet_addr() function. This includes
adding the macro definition for SXS_INADDR_NONE to the sxs_types.h file
for API consistancy.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_gethostbyname() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_htonl() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_htons() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_ntohl() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_ntohs() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_perror() function.

2007-06-01 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Fixed the syntax error in the sxs_send() function.

2007-05-31 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_socket() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_recv() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_send() function.

2007-05-28 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_accept() function.

2007-05-27 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_bind() function.

2007-05-26 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_connect() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_close() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_listen() function.

* Implemented and Documented the sxs_shutdown() function.

2007-05-16 Andrew De Ponte <cyphactor@gmail.com>

* Created the ChangeLog file so that there is a place to track changes
to the lib_sxs source tree.

* Created the initial COPYING file to provide the license information.

* Created the initial NEWS file so there exists a place to put project
news.

* Created the initial INSTALL file to describe the standard INSTALL
process with the build system.

* Created the initial AUTHORS file to list the authors of lib_sxs.

* Created the initial TODO file so there is a place to put a list of
items which need to be taken care of. Mainly, as a quick reminder
location for something I could forget.

* Created the src/ directory as the main location for having the source
code for lib_sxs.

* Created the bootstrap.sh script to automate the generation of the
configure script.

* Created the initial configure.ac as a basic template to build off of
for the build environment.

* Created the lib_sxs root Makefile so that it would build the source in
the src/ directory.

* Created the clean_bootstrap.sh script to cleanup all the extra files
produced by the autoconf, automake, autoreconf, and libtool
applications.
